notes/magi.md, before:


clhelp guidemagi
have triggers to help find shielded people
eq/balance triggers don't quite work when they are queued back to back
    the char.vitals doesn't update properly
spiffify tab completion
    be able to say which mobs can be attacked
    or set a blacklist?
    figure out a way to highlight stuff without the numbers
        maybe just strip the numbers when creating the highlights?
finish up that thing that populates the rat1234
    figure out why it's screwing up some of the mappings :( :(
there's something about falling asleep that screws up my queing system
    maybe I'm hiding some of the messages and I need to make sure it's
    all in that current chunk before assuming that I sent the message
    and it was received well

clhelp defencebasics

to get to nur:
    get to yggdrasil, u, u, fly around a lot... "on a bridge of bark" push rift

hunting:
    creville
    phereklos (has some good stuff for butchering)
        climb down cliff
    rhodestrian (walk to alander)


Lesson Plan:
             Artificing to Destroy
             Crystalism to Retardation
             Artificing to Transcendent


Try using:
sse - break limb
ssa - trip
ssf - fire
ssw freez
hail
gs - scald
gl - smashl
ga - smasha
gf - flux

diss
palp
reverb
harm
osc
dis
ener
strid
trem


You suddenly perceive the vague outline of an aura of rebounding around Kog.

You call upon Whiirh to empower your staff and strike Kog, the power of air dispersing his aura of rebounding.
A crystalline golem would be unable to do any significant damage to an unfrozen target.

stand;staffstrike kog with air left arm;golem smash kog legs
You call upon Whiirh and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog's left arm with your trusty staff.
A gust of wind strikes Kog, throwing him to the ground.
You direct a crystalline golem to smash the legs of Kog.
The crackle of snapping bone can be heard as a crystalline golem viciously twists the left leg of Kog.


stand;staffstrike kog with earth left arm;golem smash kog legs
You call upon Garash and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog's left arm with your trusty staff.
You direct a crystalline golem to smash the legs of Kog.
The crackle of snapping bone can be heard as a crystalline golem viciously twists the right leg of Kog.

# takes seven earth strikes to give level 2 break


["2020/03/26 23:15:19.935444", "data_sent", "stand;staffstrike kog with fire;golem pummel kog"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.030548", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Defences.Remove\", \"data\": [\"temperance\"]}"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.032322", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Afflictions.Add\", \"data\": {\"name\": \"burning (1)\", \"cure\": \"APPLY MENDING TO TORSO\", \"desc\": \"When your body is completely wrapped in flames, you will unsuprisingly find it quite painful.\"}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.035201", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"3853\", \"maxhp\": \"4381\", \"mp\": \"5396\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"16940\", \"maxep\": \"16955\", \"wp\": \"20183\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:3853/4381 M:5396/5581 E:16940/16955 W:20183/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.036146", "server_text", "You are not fallen or kneeling.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.037502", "server_text", "You call upon Kkractle and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog with your trusty staff.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.040294", "server_text", "The attack rebounds back onto you!\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.041466", "server_text", "Primal tongues of fire flicker across your skin, setting you ablaze.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.042686", "server_text", "A crystalline golem would be unable to do any significant damage to an unfrozen target.\r"]



["2020/03/26 23:21:39.392648", "data_sent", "stand;staffstrike kog with water left arm;golem smash kog legs"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.480805", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5056\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15765\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19790\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5056/5581 E:15765/15800 W:19790/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.481707", "server_text", "You are not fallen or kneeling.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.483088", "server_text", "You call upon Sllshya and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog's left arm with your trusty staff.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.484023", "server_text", "You direct a crystalline golem to smash the legs of Kog.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.485742", "server_text", "The crackle of snapping bone can be heard as a crystalline golem viciously twists the left leg of Kog.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.486505", "server_text", "\u001b[32m4150h, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m5056m, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m15765e, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m19790w \u001b[37mckdb-"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.601094", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5056\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15765\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19790\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5056/5581 E:15765/15800 W:19790/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.601959", "server_text", "\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.602900", "server_text", "Kog takes some salve from a vial and rubs it on his legs.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.603635", "server_text", "\u001b[32m4150h, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m5056m, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m15765e, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m19790w \u001b[37mckdb-"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.901126", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5335\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15765\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19796\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5335/5581 E:15765/15800 W:19796/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.901988", "server_text", "\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.902911", "server_text", "Kog takes a drink from a black-walnut vial.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.903681", "server_text", "\u001b[32m4150h, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m5335m, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m15765e, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m19796w \u001b[37mckdb-"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:41.117940", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5335\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15775\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19796\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5335/5581 E:15775/15800 W:19796/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:41.118835", "server_text", "\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:41.119817", "server_text", "Kog takes some salve from a vial and rubs it on his skin.\r"]

["2020/03/26 23:21:42.583752", "data_sent", "stand;staffstrike kog with water left arm;golem timeflux kog"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.722742", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5105\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15760\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19768\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5105/5581 E:15760/15800 W:19768/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.723812", "server_text", "You are not fallen or kneeling.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.725292", "server_text", "You call upon Sllshya and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog's left arm with your trusty staff.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.726433", "server_text", "You direct a crystalline golem to disrupt the flow of time around Kog.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.727677", "server_text", "As a crystalline golem begins to pulse with a strange inner glow, Kog sways unsteadily.\r"]


hypothermia is healed with restoration to torso, needs them to be frozen, golem can't freeze someone
staffstrike water gives level 1 freeze

Naoko is really good and Frances is learning to be a Magi

For how long does flux and scald last?
    I should make timers and highlight / warn me about them

Kog says in Cyrenese, "Prep legs and torso. Break left leg with air while wrenching arms, right leg with water while wrenching arms, cast deepfreeze, waterstrike torso and hypothermia."


make a counter for limb attacks :(

get gud at running (maybe an alias to run away)


You say, "Why break torso instead of something like head?"
You say, "Or arms."

Kog says to you in Cyrenese, "Hypothermia is cured by restoration to torso."

The affliction 'hypothermia' is cured by: Apply Restoration To Body.

Kog says in Cyrenese, "If you broke both of my legs, then broke my head, I could apply restoration to torso instead of the second leg, you'd land hypothermia and I'd immediately cure it and then get frozen off too."

sse;smashl


defences to keep up:
Insomnia, nightsight, speed, insulation, temperance, levitating, cloak, thirdeye, deafness, kola, poisonresist, deathsight, fangbarrier, blindness, heldbreath


CURING PRIORITY DEFENCE LIST          - List the defence upkeep priority.
CURING PRIORITY DEFENCE <name> <1-25> - Move an defence's upkeep priority.
CURING PRIORITY DEFENCE <name> RESET  - Reset a defence's upkeep priority.

see if impatience is up on the priority list (need it for bards)

# show in the party log people (allies/enemies) coming and going
["2020/03/24 22:47:59.937297", "server_text", "A look of serene calm overcomes Atalkez.\r"]
["2020/03/24 22:47:59.937804", "server_text", "Atalkez slips away to the northeast.\r"]

["2020/03/24 22:48:03.679140", "server_text", "Elman has been slain by Minsideon.\r"]
["2020/03/24 22:48:03.680052", "server_text", "A starburst tattoo flares and bathes Elman in red light.\r"]

["2020/03/24 22:48:03.861534", "server_text", "Elman begins to tumble towards the west.\r"]

["2020/03/24 22:48:04.180051", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Room.AddPlayer\", \"data\": {\"name\": \"Jaeide\", \"fullname\": \"Sentry Jaeide Ar'kena\"}}"]

# gmcp issues:
#   when players die: 1) don't see body drop 2) don't see them "leave" the room
#   didn't see atalkez leave the room with that serene calm thing
#   


["2020/03/24 22:48:21.570578", "server_text", "\u001b[0;37mYou have no golem to direct at your disposal, sorcerer.\r"]


Finish serpents darkshade stuff!

make sure breathing hiding works


**********************************************************
You have been defeated and are thrown out of the Arena.
**********************************************************
unenemy all ? 

The implacable whisper of Grouulthuun enters your ear, and you must obey.
need to try to lose him!

house creditsale show

keep metawake up
keep mass and rebounding up

litany?
golem create pentagon cylinder disc cube torus
golem create egg pentagon cube cylinder torus polyhedron disc spiral
golem return

Limea reaches past you, plunging an insubstantial dagger into your shadow.
A sudden sense of foreboding comes over you.
... need to run away ... called Attune
The sense of foreboding abruptly vanishes.

(Party): Keorin says, "Really, everyone should be doing QUEUE PREPEND EQBAL GRAB BODY when you see someone die."
["2020/03/24 22:47:43.405603", "server_text", "Kog has been slain by Atalkez.\r"]

create a party log


================
= fighting 
================
staffstrike only uses balance, so I can combine it with golem things
targeting will be helpful with trying to mangle limbs
efreeti doesn't seem to affect being cold?
dehydrate and timeflux heal just over time
    maybe 30 - 45 seconds?
caloric -> freezing -> deepfrozen -> hypothermia -> pummel
oooh, I might be able to staffstrike and immediately shield

Commit message:

Starting work with the db to let me search for rooms.  Adding some notes about alchemists and other things.

notes/magi.md, after:


clhelp guidemagi
have triggers to help find shielded people
eq/balance triggers don't quite work when they are queued back to back
    the char.vitals doesn't update properly
spiffify tab completion
    be able to say which mobs can be attacked
    or set a blacklist?
    figure out a way to highlight stuff without the numbers
        maybe just strip the numbers when creating the highlights?
finish up that thing that populates the rat1234
    figure out why it's screwing up some of the mappings :( :(
there's something about falling asleep that screws up my queing system
    maybe I'm hiding some of the messages and I need to make sure it's
    all in that current chunk before assuming that I sent the message
    and it was received well

clhelp defencebasics

to get to nur:
    get to yggdrasil, u, u, fly around a lot... "on a bridge of bark" push rift

hunting:
    creville
    phereklos (has some good stuff for butchering)
        climb down cliff
    rhodestrian (walk to alander)


Lesson Plan:
             Artificing to Destroy
             Crystalism to Retardation
             Artificing to Transcendent


Try using:
sse - break limb
ssa - trip
ssf - fire
ssw freez
hail
gs - scald
gl - smashl
ga - smasha
gf - flux

diss
palp
reverb
harm
osc
dis
ener
strid
trem

flesh out the fighting log:
    moving
    people not there
nice way of putting up and down auto defences

You suddenly perceive the vague outline of an aura of rebounding around Kog.

You call upon Whiirh to empower your staff and strike Kog, the power of air dispersing his aura of rebounding.
A crystalline golem would be unable to do any significant damage to an unfrozen target.

stand;staffstrike kog with air left arm;golem smash kog legs
You call upon Whiirh and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog's left arm with your trusty staff.
A gust of wind strikes Kog, throwing him to the ground.
You direct a crystalline golem to smash the legs of Kog.
The crackle of snapping bone can be heard as a crystalline golem viciously twists the left leg of Kog.


stand;staffstrike kog with earth left arm;golem smash kog legs
You call upon Garash and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog's left arm with your trusty staff.
You direct a crystalline golem to smash the legs of Kog.
The crackle of snapping bone can be heard as a crystalline golem viciously twists the right leg of Kog.

# takes seven earth strikes to give level 2 break


["2020/03/26 23:15:19.935444", "data_sent", "stand;staffstrike kog with fire;golem pummel kog"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.030548", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Defences.Remove\", \"data\": [\"temperance\"]}"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.032322", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Afflictions.Add\", \"data\": {\"name\": \"burning (1)\", \"cure\": \"APPLY MENDING TO TORSO\", \"desc\": \"When your body is completely wrapped in flames, you will unsuprisingly find it quite painful.\"}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.035201", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"3853\", \"maxhp\": \"4381\", \"mp\": \"5396\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"16940\", \"maxep\": \"16955\", \"wp\": \"20183\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:3853/4381 M:5396/5581 E:16940/16955 W:20183/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.036146", "server_text", "You are not fallen or kneeling.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.037502", "server_text", "You call upon Kkractle and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog with your trusty staff.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.040294", "server_text", "The attack rebounds back onto you!\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.041466", "server_text", "Primal tongues of fire flicker across your skin, setting you ablaze.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:15:20.042686", "server_text", "A crystalline golem would be unable to do any significant damage to an unfrozen target.\r"]



["2020/03/26 23:21:39.392648", "data_sent", "stand;staffstrike kog with water left arm;golem smash kog legs"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.480805", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5056\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15765\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19790\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5056/5581 E:15765/15800 W:19790/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.481707", "server_text", "You are not fallen or kneeling.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.483088", "server_text", "You call upon Sllshya and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog's left arm with your trusty staff.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.484023", "server_text", "You direct a crystalline golem to smash the legs of Kog.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.485742", "server_text", "The crackle of snapping bone can be heard as a crystalline golem viciously twists the left leg of Kog.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.486505", "server_text", "\u001b[32m4150h, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m5056m, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m15765e, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m19790w \u001b[37mckdb-"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.601094", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5056\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15765\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19790\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5056/5581 E:15765/15800 W:19790/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.601959", "server_text", "\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.602900", "server_text", "Kog takes some salve from a vial and rubs it on his legs.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.603635", "server_text", "\u001b[32m4150h, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m5056m, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m15765e, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m19790w \u001b[37mckdb-"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.901126", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5335\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15765\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19796\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5335/5581 E:15765/15800 W:19796/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.901988", "server_text", "\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.902911", "server_text", "Kog takes a drink from a black-walnut vial.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:39.903681", "server_text", "\u001b[32m4150h, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m5335m, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m15765e, \u001b[37m\u001b[32m19796w \u001b[37mckdb-"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:41.117940", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5335\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15775\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19796\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5335/5581 E:15775/15800 W:19796/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:41.118835", "server_text", "\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:41.119817", "server_text", "Kog takes some salve from a vial and rubs it on his skin.\r"]

["2020/03/26 23:21:42.583752", "data_sent", "stand;staffstrike kog with water left arm;golem timeflux kog"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.722742", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Char.Vitals\", \"data\": {\"hp\": \"4150\", \"maxhp\": \"4150\", \"mp\": \"5105\", \"maxmp\": \"5581\", \"ep\": \"15760\", \"maxep\": \"15800\", \"wp\": \"19768\", \"maxwp\": \"20420\", \"nl\": \"8\", \"bal\": \"0\", \"eq\": \"0\", \"vote\": \"1\", \"string\": \"H:4150/4150 M:5105/5581 E:15760/15800 W:19768/20420 NL:8/100 \", \"charstats\": [\"Bleed: 0\", \"Rage: 0\", \"Channels: F W A E \"]}}"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.723812", "server_text", "You are not fallen or kneeling.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.725292", "server_text", "You call upon Sllshya and unleash a forceful blow towards Kog's left arm with your trusty staff.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.726433", "server_text", "You direct a crystalline golem to disrupt the flow of time around Kog.\r"]
["2020/03/26 23:21:42.727677", "server_text", "As a crystalline golem begins to pulse with a strange inner glow, Kog sways unsteadily.\r"]


hypothermia is healed with restoration to torso, needs them to be frozen, golem can't freeze someone
staffstrike water gives level 1 freeze

Naoko is really good and Frances is learning to be a Magi

For how long does flux and scald last?
    I should make timers and highlight / warn me about them

Kog says in Cyrenese, "Prep legs and torso. Break left leg with air while wrenching arms, right leg with water while wrenching arms, cast deepfreeze, waterstrike torso and hypothermia."


make a counter for limb attacks :(

get gud at running (maybe an alias to run away)


You say, "Why break torso instead of something like head?"
You say, "Or arms."

Kog says to you in Cyrenese, "Hypothermia is cured by restoration to torso."

The affliction 'hypothermia' is cured by: Apply Restoration To Body.

Kog says in Cyrenese, "If you broke both of my legs, then broke my head, I could apply restoration to torso instead of the second leg, you'd land hypothermia and I'd immediately cure it and then get frozen off too."

sse;smashl


defences to keep up:
Insomnia, nightsight, speed, insulation, temperance, levitating, cloak, thirdeye, deafness, kola, poisonresist, deathsight, fangbarrier, blindness, heldbreath


CURING PRIORITY DEFENCE LIST          - List the defence upkeep priority.
CURING PRIORITY DEFENCE <name> <1-25> - Move an defence's upkeep priority.
CURING PRIORITY DEFENCE <name> RESET  - Reset a defence's upkeep priority.

curing priority defence heldbreath 25
curing priority defence heldbreath reset

(Party): Emiya says, "Target order is: Tesha, Achilles, Avianca, Halos, Jayden, Kaios, Lyndee, Rafaq, Solaine, Sothantos, Ygia, Zachariel, Zandyr."

get some concussion bombs?  But it might be more helpful to use it with alertness

You feel a sudden jerk, and the air immediately surrounding you comes alight with pale, etheric fire as a strange hissing noise fills the air.
# alchemist displace... need to move to get out


men solaine achilles kaios zandyr brythan

see if impatience is up on the priority list (need it for bards)

# show in the party log people (allies/enemies) coming and going
["2020/03/24 22:47:59.937297", "server_text", "A look of serene calm overcomes Atalkez.\r"]
["2020/03/24 22:47:59.937804", "server_text", "Atalkez slips away to the northeast.\r"]

["2020/03/24 22:48:03.679140", "server_text", "Elman has been slain by Minsideon.\r"]
["2020/03/24 22:48:03.680052", "server_text", "A starburst tattoo flares and bathes Elman in red light.\r"]

["2020/03/24 22:48:03.861534", "server_text", "Elman begins to tumble towards the west.\r"]

["2020/03/24 22:48:04.180051", "gmcp_data", "{\"type\": \"Room.AddPlayer\", \"data\": {\"name\": \"Jaeide\", \"fullname\": \"Sentry Jaeide Ar'kena\"}}"]

# gmcp issues:
#   when players die: 1) don't see body drop 2) don't see them "leave" the room
#   didn't see atalkez leave the room with that serene calm thing
#   


["2020/03/24 22:48:21.570578", "server_text", "\u001b[0;37mYou have no golem to direct at your disposal, sorcerer.\r"]


Finish serpents darkshade stuff!

make sure breathing hiding works


**********************************************************
You have been defeated and are thrown out of the Arena.
**********************************************************
unenemy all ? 

The implacable whisper of Grouulthuun enters your ear, and you must obey.
need to try to lose him!

house creditsale show

keep metawake up
keep mass and rebounding up

litany?
golem create pentagon cylinder disc cube torus
golem create egg pentagon cube cylinder torus polyhedron disc spiral
golem return

Limea reaches past you, plunging an insubstantial dagger into your shadow.
A sudden sense of foreboding comes over you.
... need to run away ... called Attune
The sense of foreboding abruptly vanishes.

(Party): Keorin says, "Really, everyone should be doing QUEUE PREPEND EQBAL GRAB BODY when you see someone die."
["2020/03/24 22:47:43.405603", "server_text", "Kog has been slain by Atalkez.\r"]

create a party log


================
= fighting 
================
staffstrike only uses balance, so I can combine it with golem things
targeting will be helpful with trying to mangle limbs
efreeti doesn't seem to affect being cold?
dehydrate and timeflux heal just over time
    maybe 30 - 45 seconds?
caloric -> freezing -> deepfrozen -> hypothermia -> pummel
oooh, I might be able to staffstrike and immediately shield
